KEYCLOAK-16919 Revise Securing Apps Guide to meet Red Hat Standards (#1176)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: securing_apps/topics/saml/java/general-config/sp_element.adoc

  Default value is `false`.

autodetectBearerOnly::
  This should be set to __true__ if your application serves both a web application and web services (for example SOAP or REST).
  It allows you to redirect unauthenticated users of the web application to the Keycloak login page,
  but send an HTTP `401` status code to unauthenticated SOAP or REST clients instead as they would not understand a redirect to the login page.

>   Keycloak auto-detects SOAP or REST clients based on typical headers like `X-Requested-With`, `SOAPAction` or `Accept`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It allows you to redirect unauthenticated users of the web application to the {project_name} login page,
  but send an HTTP `401` status code to unauthenticated SOAP or REST clients instead as they would not understand a redirect to the login page.
  {project_name} auto-detects SOAP or REST clients based on typical headers like `X-Requested-With`, `SOAPAction` or `Accept`.
```
